W-19704481-add-Agent-Fabric-authoring-content-mk (#504)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/af-get-started.adoc

= Get Started with Agent Networks

Setting up Anypoint Code Builder, permissions, access, and gateways ensures that you can create agent networks quickly and easily.

== Before You Begin with Agent Networks

Before you start your agent network project, make sure that you have these products and access.

=== Agent Network Prerequisites

* A tenant relationship established with a trusted Salesforce organization.
* Anypoint Platform (Titanium package). You can use an existing account or create one from Anypoint Platform.
* Managed Flex Gateway with target space entitlements.
* An OpenAI instance and login credentials.

=== Anypoint Code Builder Desktop Prerequisites

After you meet agent network prerequisites, set up your Anypoint Code Builder desktop environment.

* Complete the steps in link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/anypoint-code-builder/start-acb-desktop[Setting Up the Desktop IDE].

> * Install PowerShell (Windows operating systems only). For more information, see link:https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/install/installing-powershell-on-windows?view=powershell-7.3[Installing PowerShell on Windows].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you use Windows, install PowerShell. For more information, see link:https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/install/installing-powershell-on-windows?view=powershell-7.3[Installing PowerShell on Windows].
```

> * Configure your allowlist. For more information, see URLs to Allow to Run Anypoint Code Builder`URL`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Configure your allowlist. For more information, see URLs to Allow to Run Anypoint Code Builder `URL`.
```

Author: this is a placeholder so I'll fix later

=== Permissions and Access

> * To set up agent network gateways, you need the Manage Servers permission in Runtime Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up agent network gateways, you need the Manage Servers permission in Runtime Manager.
```

=== Create a Target Space for Your Environment

> To deploy an agent network, you'll need a target space. You can either create a private space for CloudHub 2.0 deployment or `a namespace for Runtime Fabric?`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy an agent network, you need a target space. You can either create a private space for CloudHub 2.0 deployment or `a namespace for Runtime Fabric?`.
```

Reviewer: Is `a namespace for Runtime Fabric?` on purpose? Is this a TODO task?

==== Create a Private Space for CloudHub 2.0 Deployment

. Open Anypoint Runtime Manager.
. Select the environment to use.
. Select **Private Spaces**.
. Select **Create private space**.
. Enter the name agent-network-space (or a name you prefer).
. Select **Create**.
. Select **Create private network**.

=== Set Up Agent Network Gateways for Your Target Space

> After you create a private space, set up the ingress and egress gateways for deployment. For more information, see link:https://docs.mulesoft.com/gateway/latest/flex-architecture-basic-deployments[Flex Gateway Deployment Models]. `Runtime Fabric instrux?`

Reviewer: `Runtime Fabric instrux?` Is this a TODO task?

. In Anypoint Code Builder desktop, open the Command Palette.
. Select **MuleSoft: Set Up Agent Network Gateways**.
. If you're not logged in already, log in to your Anypoint Platform account.
. Select the business group, environment, and private space.
. These gateways are created automatically in the selected private space.
+
* agent-network-ingress-gw (with public and internal endpoint)
* agent-network-egress-gw (with internal endpoint only)

[NOTE]
====
If you run operations within a CI/CD environment, you can use Anypoint CLI's plugin to set up, create, build, publish, and deploy agent networks. For more information, see Build Agent Networks in a CI/CD Environment.
====

> === Before You Begin Checklist

Reviewer: If the prereq are appropriate, there's no need to create a checklist.
